Hi, guys.
Walker, in this lecture, we're going to create the joint button.
Okay not to do this.
I'm going to go back to our visa code.
Then we're going to go to a video screen.
Then we're going to need to use control and B, in order to make this wide.
Now over a year, had it really cooler than.
We're going to have a size box to separate this last this field and then this widget ribbon.
The hat are going to be given the space vertically that is from top to bottom.
So there's going to be height of pointy.
Okay.
Now we can then have the joint bottom.
So it's sort of creating the bottom from scratch.
We can use an inkwell.
Not to make this clickable.
The Inquirer has a property known as On Top.
Okay.
Great.
Now we can then average height, which is going to be a test widget.
And wish is just going to see joy.
A guided tour of Elizabeth's Auditorium to always give a very good performance.
Okay.
Now go check what you just did.
Okay, great.
Now what you can do, we can give pardon to all the sides.
So we can.
We can use control.
And that's.
Then we can click on wrap with pardon for the sides.
Yes, we can just go with it.
Okay.
I'm trying this to save.
Then make sure you also I just come over now to get a very good format.
Okay, great.
Now, what else we can do is we can increase the test size.
So to do that, we just have to use a CI is going to be test STI.
He's going to be tested, right?
Okay.
Then we can say font size of 16.
Right.
Okay.
Agitation on.
Then go check what you just did.
Okay.
Great Lakes is not clickable.
Now, what you can also do lastly is we can just create a new function to.
Well, I.
We can create a functional call to join.
Within.
Okay.
Great.
Now I just want to pass.
That.
So for the on top.
We're going to join medicine.
You can get rid of this.
What you can do is we can make this private.
So we are going to be able to assess dysfunction in order for us.
So what you can do by me to make this private, I just use the underscore.
Then I'm going to click on this to go back to where we use this.
We're going to change it to underscore.
Okay, great.
Now is controlling this to save.
And good check it out because it's not clickable.
Or probably we can also see fonts.
For tweets from tweets.
That vote.
Okay, switch on this AC and go check what you just did.
Okay.
Great.
I think it is okay.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in this lecture.